c:\users\kaeshub\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Tuckshop\Tuckshop\obj\x86\Debug\Tuckshop.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\kaeshub\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Tuckshop\Tuckshop\obj\x86\Debug\Tuckshop.frmSearch.resources
c:\users\kaeshub\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Tuckshop\Tuckshop\obj\x86\Debug\Tuckshop.LoginForm1.resources
c:\users\kaeshub\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Tuckshop\Tuckshop\obj\x86\Debug\Tuckshop.main.resources
c:\users\kaeshub\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Tuckshop\Tuckshop\obj\x86\Debug\Tuckshop.Resources.resources
c:\users\kaeshub\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Tuckshop\Tuckshop\obj\x86\Debug\Tuckshop.Product.resources
c:\users\kaeshub\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Tuckshop\Tuckshop\obj\x86\Debug\Tuckshop.Prod_stud.resources
c:\users\kaeshub\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Tuckshop\Tuckshop\obj\x86\Debug\Tuckshop.Student.resources
c:\users\kaeshub\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Tuckshop\Tuckshop\obj\x86\Debug\Tuckshop.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\kaeshub\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Tuckshop\Tuckshop\bin\Debug\Tuckshop.exe
c:\users\kaeshub\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Tuckshop\Tuckshop\bin\Debug\Tuckshop.pdb
c:\users\kaeshub\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Tuckshop\Tuckshop\bin\Debug\Tuckshop.xml
c:\users\kaeshub\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Tuckshop\Tuckshop\obj\x86\Debug\Tuckshop.exe
c:\users\kaeshub\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Tuckshop\Tuckshop\obj\x86\Debug\Tuckshop.xml
c:\users\kaeshub\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Tuckshop\Tuckshop\obj\x86\Debug\Tuckshop.pdb
c:\users\kaeshub\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Tuckshop\Tuckshop\obj\x86\Debug\RdlCompile.cache
c:\users\kaeshub\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Tuckshop\Tuckshop\obj\x86\Debug\RdlCompile.compiled
c:\users\kaeshub\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Tuckshop\Tuckshop\bin\Debug\Tuckshop.exe.config
c:\users\kaeshub\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Tuckshop\Tuckshop\bin\Debug\Tuckshop.accdb
c:\users\kaeshub\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Tuckshop\Tuckshop\obj\x86\Debug\Tuckshop.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Kaeshub\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Tuckshop\Tuckshop\obj\x86\Debug\Tuckshop.Studrprt.resources
D:\Tuckshop\Tuckshop\bin\Debug\Tuckshop.exe.config
D:\Tuckshop\Tuckshop\obj\x86\Debug\Tuckshop.exe
D:\Tuckshop\Tuckshop\obj\x86\Debug\Tuckshop.xml
D:\Tuckshop\Tuckshop\obj\x86\Debug\Tuckshop.pdb
D:\Tuckshop\Tuckshop\bin\Debug\Tuckshop.accdb
D:\Tuckshop\Tuckshop\bin\Debug\Tuckshop.exe
D:\Tuckshop\Tuckshop\bin\Debug\Tuckshop.pdb
D:\Tuckshop\Tuckshop\bin\Debug\Tuckshop.xml
D:\Tuckshop\Tuckshop\obj\x86\Debug\Tuckshop.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Tuckshop\Tuckshop\obj\x86\Debug\Tuckshop.Form1.resources
D:\Tuckshop\Tuckshop\obj\x86\Debug\Tuckshop.frmSearch.resources
D:\Tuckshop\Tuckshop\obj\x86\Debug\Tuckshop.LoginForm1.resources
D:\Tuckshop\Tuckshop\obj\x86\Debug\Tuckshop.main.resources
D:\Tuckshop\Tuckshop\obj\x86\Debug\Tuckshop.Resources.resources
D:\Tuckshop\Tuckshop\obj\x86\Debug\Tuckshop.Product.resources
D:\Tuckshop\Tuckshop\obj\x86\Debug\Tuckshop.Prod_stud.resources
D:\Tuckshop\Tuckshop\obj\x86\Debug\Tuckshop.Student.resources
D:\Tuckshop\Tuckshop\obj\x86\Debug\Tuckshop.Studrprt.resources
D:\Tuckshop\Tuckshop\obj\x86\Debug\Tuckshop.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\Tuckshop\Tuckshop\obj\x86\Debug\RdlCompile.cache
D:\Tuckshop\Tuckshop\obj\x86\Debug\RdlCompile.compiled
D:\Tuckshop\Tuckshop\obj\x86\Debug\Tuckshop.Form2.resources
